

If you are really great, you will let others discover this fact from your actions.

In the final analysis, all that really matters are your actions. You may talk a good story, but no matter how good you are at selling others on your capabilities, eventually you have to perform. It is true that people are generally forgiving and will overlook an occasional failure to deliver upon your promises. Ultimately, though, you must live up to your promises to others if you ever expect to make a lasting impression on them. Make it a habit to demonstrate your abilities before talking about them. Seldom is anything worthwhile achieved without the help of others, and nothing is ever achieved without some form of action. The road to failure and despair is littered with the dreams of those who failed to act upon them.

Permanent link to this post: If you are really great, you will let others discover this fact from your actions.

Dear Napoleon: The Living Legacy of Napoleon Hill and Think and Grow Rich:
An Official Publication of the Napoleon Hill Foundation

Discover the success secrets of individuals who have transformed their lives by internalizing and applying Napoleon Hill’s achievement philosophy.

Have you ever read a book by an author and it immediately changed you—your outlook on life, your relationships, your personal initiative, and your ability to withstand adversity? That is the common experience of those who have read the books of Napoleon Hill, especially his seminal Think and Grow Rich. This book collects the stories of real people whose lives have been altered by the work and wisdom of Napoleon Hill. With very few exceptions, none of the people included in this book ever met Hill directly, but they entered into a timeless mentorship or mastermind relationship with him through his many publications.

When you read this book, you will gain insight into how real people translate Hill’s philosophy of success into actions that forever alter the course of their lives. From multi-millionaires to teachers, counselors to humanitarians, the individuals who share Hill’s impact on their lives prove that Hill’s success system is more than a theory; it is a powerful program of achievement with enduring real-world application. Assembled by synthesizing the collective knowledge of hundreds of the most prosperous people of his era—including Thomas Edison, Henry Ford, and many others—Hill’s Science of Success provides practical steps for building financial, mental, and spiritual wealth. Similarly, the people who submitted “Dear Napoleon” letters for this book do not express their theoretical understanding of Hill’s principles; rather, they candidly share their real-life experiences with the power of Napoleon Hill’s philosophy of success. Take a journey into the trials and celebrations, failures and successes, of the individuals featured in this book, and acquire a clear sense of how you can apply Hill’s success concepts to great effect.

Click here to order your copy now!

Learn more so that you can do more!

Beginning August 17, the Foundation has a new limited time offer to get three of our newest releases, Master Mind, Self-Confidence Formula, and Freedom From Your Fears, plus a hard-cover reproduction copy of the original 1937 edition, a hard-cover of My Mentor by CEO Don Green, and another 15 hand-picked titles (hard and softcover mix) from Napoleon Hill Foundation endorsed authors.
All orders will include a single hardback copy of Think and Grow Rich, the 1937 reproduction, exclusive edition, a hard-cover copy of My Mentor, copies of Master Mind, Fear and Confidence and 15 additional books from Foundation endorsed authors such as Jim Stovall, Greg Reid, Sharon Lechter and/or many more. Titles will include no duplicates.
Don’t miss this limited time opportunity to give yourself the gift of success.
(For orders outside of the U.S., contact the Foundation for shipping amounts at info@naphill.org before placing an order. Most Canadian orders will require an additional $40 for shipping.)
For more information or to place an order, visit us at https://www.naphill.org/shop/uncategorized/20-summertime-deal/

Master Mind: The Memoirs of Napoleon Hill
Coming September 21, 2021

Napoleon Hill on two occasions wrote extensive memoirs about his life, starting with his youth in Wise County, Virginia, and ending, apparently, during World War II. I say apparently because the archives of the Napoleon Hill Foundation contain these two manuscripts, but they are obviously incomplete and end in the 1940s. Mr. Hill died in 1970. His last book, Grow Rich with Peace of Mind, was written in 1967 and sheds some light on his later years; but his own journals and memoirs of those years, if they ever existed, have not yet been found.

The two memoirs were titled by Mr. Hill, Wheel of Fortune and Hand of Destiny. They contain details of his life, including his four marriages, two divorces and one annulment, which we at the Foundation have not seen in any of his other writings or speeches. They also contain many details about his successes and failures in business and there were more failures than successes, as he readily admits. The memoirs contain thoughtful insights into the state of mind of this great thinker how he dealt with failure, profited from defeat, turned adversity into advantage, and ultimately achieved happiness with his last wife, Annie Lou, happiness which had eluded him for most of his life.

Mr. Hill has said that the Master Mind principle, in which two or more minds work harmoniously to achieve a common goal, is the most important of the seventeen principles of success he studied during his decades of research into how people attain happy and successful lives. One of the many interesting stories in the memoirs is about how he and his third wife, Rosa Lee, used the Master Mind principle to discover the only one of the seventeen principles that no one had understood or realized before, Cosmic Habitforce.

The Trustees of the Napoleon Hill Foundation have combined the two memoirs into one, editing out repetition and putting events in chronological order where it made sense to do so. They chose to title the combined memoirs Master Mind, in recognition of the importance this principle played in his philosophy and life, and as a tribute to the mental giant who was the greatest thinker and writer ever in the fields of personal achievement and self-improvement.

Reserve your copy today!
Share Share
Tweet Tweet
Share Share
+1 +1
Forward Forward
Click to subscribe to the ezineBe sure to read our weekly e-zine, "Napoleon Hill Yesterday and Today!"
Published every Friday morning, you'll find an excerpt from Napoleon Hill's works (many long out of print), along with contemporary commentary by Judy Williamson, Director of the Napoleon Hill World Learning Center. Each issue also includes an article by a guest author reflecting on one or more principles of the Philosophy of Success. Click here to sign up!
This positive message is brought to you by the Napoleon Hill Foundation. We encourage you to forward this to friends and family. They can sign up for this free service at our web site: http://www.naphill.org.

Copyright 2021 Napoleon Hill Foundation, All rights reserved.
You receive our emails because you opted in to our Thought for the Day list at naphill.org.

Our mailing address is:
Napoleon Hill Foundation
1 College Avenue
Wise, VA 24293

Add us to your address book

unsubscribe from the Thought for the Day update subscription preferences
